[soft piano music playing]
[Shinomiya] Finally.
Tonight’s the night I get to go
to a fireworks festival.
Fujiwara even went
as far as cancelling
one of her trips abroad
so we could all go together,
so just for today,
she gets a free pass,
no matter
what she says or does.
[squeals]
It’s been a fairly boring
summer break
up until now,
but tonight I’m
hanging out with friends.
It’s the same.
I’m hanging out
with the president.
I won’t watch
from the window this time.
I finally get to see
the fireworks
up close and in person.
[fireworks booming]
Something that simple
might not seem like much,
but it’s enough to make
this whole vacation worthwhile,
at least for me.
[sandals clattering]
Take care.
‐ [wind blows]
‐ [gasps]
[cell phone rings]
Yes, the night
I’ve been awaiting
the entire summer is here.
You can’t go.
As of late, your behavior
has been grossly unacceptable.
In addition,
it would be far too easy
to lost sight of you
in a crowd of that size.
What if something were to happen
to you at this festival?
How would I explain that
to your father?
[Shinomiya] It wouldn’t matter,
because he wouldn’t care.
"I’m really sorry."
Kaguya.
[gasps]
[slow piano music playing]
I want to see everyone.
Now I wish I’d never
even known about the festival.
If I hadn’t, I would have
remained blissfully unaware
of how miserable
my summers are every year.
But it’s okay.
Summer will be over soon.
It’s okay.
‐ [fireworks booming]
‐ [crying] It’s okay.
[crying]
I’m okay.
[fireworks booming]
Okay.
Lady Kaguya, how long do you
intend to lie there and mope?
This isn’t like you.
Normally you’d be rappelling
down the side of the building
with bedsheets that you
tied together in a frenzy.
[Shinomiya] Why bother?
Nothing I do works out.
I couldn’t go shopping
with the girls.
My father has
absolutely no interest in me.
And in the past month,
the president didn’t think
to send me a single text.
So why keep trying when
nothing has worked in my favor?
The universe would find
some way to smite me,
even if I did leave.
I’m not meant to see them ever!
‐ [crying]
‐ No.
You’ll see them
once school starts,
whether you like it or not.
Mishaps tend to snowball.
That’s why you feel like
the whole world’s against you.
My lady, there’s no denying
that you’ve had a rough summer
compared to most people.
That said,
not seeing the president
was a good thing,
a very good thing.
At least,
from a long‐term perspective.
So don’t beat yourself up
about that.
Absence makes
the heart grow fonder.
And that is why I bet he feels
the same way that you do.
[sighs]
[Hayasaka] I have a feeling
he’s been counting down the days
on his fingers and toes.
That’s how badly
he wants to see you.
So what if suddenly
you two met up
because fate had no choice
but to intervene?
[gasps]
Just think of all
that pent‐up desire.
[panting]
In one fell swoop,
it’d be set free.
That’s right. It would.
Now you’re starting
to sound like yourself again.
[Shinomiya] But there
are two attendants
from the main estate
standing guard tonight.
I didn’t make preparations
beforehand, so I can’t escape.
No way.
That so?
[chuckles]
[distant fireworks booming]
[man sighs]
‐ [metal clatters]
‐ Eh?
[rattling]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [sandals clatter]
‐ [gasps]
Take me to Hamamatsu.
Hurry, please.
Lady Kaguya, your dinner
is ready whenever you are.
[fireworks booming]
I’m not hungry.
And besides, I’m a little busy.
There’s a fireworks festival.
Very well, ma’am.
Gotcha.
[panting]
I see what’s going on.
She isn’t texting.
I think her phone
might have died. [gasps]
You stay here
in case she shows up, okay?
The number you are
trying to reach
is currently unavailable
or out of our service area.
Please hang up and
try your call again later.
It’s not going through.
Is it the crowd?
Maybe it’s because
my phone is so old.
Just my luck.
You know, I hate to be
the bearer of bad news,
but there are
a lot of street closures
’cause of the festival
you want to go to.
You might not make in time
to see the fireworks.
[gasps]
After everything
Hayasaka did for me,
it’s gonna be over
before I get there?
Seriously? Why can’t
things work out just once?
Excuse me.
Yes?
Thanks for the lift.
I’ll walk from here.
Be safe out there, young lady.
Right.
[fireworks booming]
[gasps]
We were supposed to meet
at Takeshiba Pier.
The main roads are too crowded
to maneuver through,
but if I take a back street,
I should make it.
‐ [sandals clacking]
‐ [Shinomiya panting]
I can do this.
I’ll see the first
underclassman I helped tutor
and the first person that had
the courage to be my friend...
[sighs]
and the first person...
I can’t stop thinking about.
It’s a small circle,
but it’s mine.
All this time,
I’ve been waiting
to hang out with
my favorite group of people
and watch those
amazing fireworks together.
Nothing would make me happier.
I couldn’t stop imagining
how wonderful it would be.
I was looking forward to it
so much.
Please, God,
I don’t need a summer love.
I’ll even trade a fall,
winter, and spring romance too.
Please just let me have this.
Let me have this one moment
together with them.
[panting]
[P.A.] This concludes
tonight’s fireworks show.
We thank you for attending.
Please be sure to take
your trash, food, beverages,
and other belongings with you.
‐ [crying]
‐ I repeat,
this concludes
tonight’s fireworks show.
We thank you for attending.
Please be sure to take
your trash, food, beverages,
and other belongings with you.
Thank you again,
and have a good night.
[Shinomiya] I should have known.
Why would I pray to God
when He doesn’t exist?
[wind blowing]
I wonder if everyone else
had a good time
watching the fireworks.
I hope so.
I only caught glimpses of them
between the buildings
on my way here,
but they looked huge.
I bet they were as beautiful
as they were big,
especially if you
had a good view.
And if they enjoyed them
like I think they did,
then that’s enough for me.
[crying]
I wanted to see them too.
I did!
So much!
‐ [crying]
‐ [footsteps approach]
Then I guess I’ll
have to show them to you.
[gasps]
Wha‐‐President?
[grunts]
‐ Come on.
‐ [gasps]
Let’s go see
some fireworks together.
You found me. [yelps]
But how, though?
[chuckles]
I once had to read your mind
in ten questions,
so this is a game I know well.
You must be having an off day,
’cause it was easier than usual.
[gasps]
Over here!
Yo, Prez,
I managed to get us a taxi.
Oh, it’s that same girl.
It’s that same guy.
Hurry! Get in!
[gasps]
[laughs]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [yells]
Now here’s the plan.
Take the expressway
and then head north
to Umihotaru.
There’s a fireworks show
that was postponed due to rain.
Hold on. Do you mean...
Chiba, the Kisarazu fireworks.
They go until 8:30.
[Fujiwara gasps]
Can we get to Chiba
in less than 20 minutes, guys?
[Shirogane] Don’t know.
But I’m sure as hell
willing to give it a shot.
[growls] She wants
to see fireworks,
so we have to try!
[sighs]
[Suzuki] Right.
I’ll step on it, then.
But this doesn’t leave this car.
Huh? Wait.
Our cabbie’s a badass?
[tires squeal]
If you can hear me,
let us get there!
[Fujiwara] Oh, no!
We just lost sight of the sky!
We’ll be out of this
undersea tunnel before too long.
‐ Sit tight.
‐ [gasps]
[Ishigami] A sign
for Umihotaru service parking!
We’re almost there!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Please be in time!
Please be in time!
[echoing]
[gasps]
[booming]
[fireworks whistling
and booming]
[Shinomiya] Everyone was
awestruck by the fireworks.
But not me.
I’m sorry.
[heart beating]
I was too distracted...
by you.
[heart beating]
The sound of my own heartbeat
was so deafening...
[heartbeat booming]
that the explosions
in front of me were silenced.
[narrator] The first day
of the new semester.
Summer has come and gone,
and everyone’s back
to the grind
of their routine school lives.
Uneventful as most
of the break was,
the gang still came out of it
with some cherished memories.
One memory in particular
has been weighing
on a certain president’s mind.
[glass squeaking]
He recalls that night
like it was yesterday.
[Shirogane] Then I guess
I’ll have to show them to you.
So lame!
Although he does
have some regrets.
I once had to read your mind
in ten questions,
so this is a game I know well.
Could I have been
any more obvious?!
No, I honestly
don’t think I could have!
[groan echoing]
[narrator] Me, either.
Summer vacation
was all but over,
and Shirogane hadn’t
seen Kaguya one single time.
He was desperate
to reunite with her,
and once he finally
got his wish,
the excitement that had been
building was uncontrollable.
He was blinded by his elation
and blurted out some lines
that seemed pretty cool
at the time,
but wound up feeling pretty
cringeworthy in hindsight.
...having an off day, ’cause it
was easier than usual.
Don’t know. But I’m sure as
hell willing to give it a shot!
[Shirogane]
"Presented by Miyuki Shirogane."
[narrator] This dark chapter
of his past
will make him writhe in pain
whenever he recalls it
for the next 10‐odd years.
[narrator] I’m such an idiot.
If I were to see
Shinomiya now...
[Shinomiya]
Truth be told, President,
I have no words. It’s like
the opposite problem you had
the night of the fireworks.
You told me things
I never dreamed you would say.
‐ It really was...
‐ [swallows]
oh, so painful.
[Shirogane] So painful,
I could roll over and die!
Nothing like a new semester
to make you feel alive!
Oh, uh, hey there, Fujiwara.
Shinomiya.
[grunts]
She won’t even look at me.
Am I really so pitiful
that she can’t bring herself
to make eye contact?!
So about the other night...
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasping]
[stammers]
[blows]
‐ It’s over.
‐ Amazing how much dust...
Everything we’ve built,
demolished,
all because I couldn’t keep
my cringey mouth shut.
‐ [narrator] Wrong.
‐ [wailing]
Well, except for the part about
Kaguya pointedly ignoring him.
But she’s not doing it
out of any ill will she has.
In fact,
it’s just the opposite.
These are the kind of actions
induced by bashfulness
and nervousness.
In layman’s terms,
she’s avoiding her crush.
[Shinomiya] Why am I going
out of my way to ignore him?
[sighs]
This is stupid.
I have nothing
to be self‐conscious about,
so why am I
being self‐conscious?
Get it together
and talk to him,
just like you did
before summer break.
[Shirogane] Get it together
and win Shinomiya’s trust back.
[grunts]
[Shinomiya]
Be natural and cheerful.
I’ll approach her
like I normally would.
‐ Yeah.
‐ [Fujiwara humming a tune]
[electricity crackling]
[narrator] The sparks
are flying, and they’re
on a one‐way collision course
with each other.
A conversation between them
will be inevitable.
[sighs] Unless...
[whimpers]
[grunts]
[Shinomiya]
We need to clean the floor
before the furniture, Fujiwara.
Huh. That’s a good point.
[roller squeaking]
[Shirogane] Man, it’s dusty.
Why is it so hard
to talk to her?
I’ll clean up over here.
[narrator] Could it be?
Round two already?
Eh, never mind.
Same thing happened.
[Shinomiya] No good. The closer
I get to the president,
the harder it is
to look him in the eye.
[Shirogane]
What’s the optimal way
to contort my face here?
Should I smile? No.
[narrator] Every time they
make an effort to interact,
they just barely
miss one another.
They might as well be
fighter planes in a dogfight.
[squeaking]
[Shinomiya]
Was it a coincidence
that he made a beeline
for me twice? I wonder.
[squeaks]
‐ [sneezing, coughing]
‐ [Shinomiya] Ah, it seems
I’m not the only one
shy around here.
Now that I know
he’s self‐conscious
I’m suddenly feeling
a lot more confident.
[Shirogane]
I am the epitome of calm.
I can do this.
[Shinomiya] I’m sure
I can do it if I try again.
[Shirogane]
Third time’s the charm.
[dramatic music playing]
Huh? Hmm?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [plane engine whirring]
[Fujiwara] An asterisk!
Fujiwara,
I feel like you’re mocking me,
and I’m really not in the mood.
[Fujiwara] Huh?!
Just focus on cleaning for now.
Huh?! Don’t play a game
and leave me out of it!
I have to clear up
this misunderstanding.
This time, for sure.
Of course!
We’re not forming an asterisk.
What’s up?
[Fujiwara] It’s a triangle!
What’s your damage?
You did that to mock me,
just like Fujiwara.
Uh, what are you talking about?
That’s too bad.
You don’t get it at all,
do you, Ishigami?
Okay, now I’m even more lost.
[Shirogane] Is my struggle
really that laughable to you?
Not you too, Prez!
I’m sorry. I’m going home,
where things make sense.
[narrator]
Ishigami is shot down.
[Fujiwara sighs] If only
he would have stayed out of it.
Same goes for you as well.
Huh?
[machine gun fires]
[explosion]
[sobbing] But why?!
[narrator]
Fujiwara is shot down.
[Shirogane] Hold up.
What’s going on here?
I keep walking up
to talk to her,
then giving up
’cause of my nerves,
but why is she doing
the same thing?
Wait.
Maybe...
she’s self‐conscious.
[Shinomiya] Take a breath
and close your eyes.
This should not be
that complicated.
[Shirogane] Maybe she didn’t
think I was cringey at all.
Maybe she thought I was cool.
[narrator] Aww.
He finally gets it.
[Shinomiya] One more time.
[Shirogane] Here it goes.
‐ [thud]
‐ [gasps]
Uh... [gasps]
[soft music playing]
There’s‐‐There’s something
I really wanted to tell you,
President.
On the night we went
and saw the fireworks...
Just say it.
Tell him thank you.
[sighs]
[handle scrapes]
[both gasp]
Oh, sorry.
I bet that was painful,
wasn’t it?
On the night we went
and saw the fireworks...
[echoing] Painful. Painful.
Painful. Painful. Painful.
‐ Painful. Painful.
‐ [swallows]
...that was painful, wasn’t it?
[Shirogane] I...
I know it was!
[narrator]
Shirogane is shot down.
[yelping]
[gasps] I never told you
what I wanted to say!
Believe me,
you said plenty already!
Please just hear me out,
President!
[narrator] And with that,
their relationship
returns to normal,
setting the stage
for their second semester!
[Japanese music playing]
[song continues]
[narrator] It’s
the cunning warfare of love,
a battle of the sexes
in which neither side
can afford to be honest.
They may keep
their feelings hidden,
but what each desires
most of all
is for the other to confess
and be conquered.
You will tell me
those three small words...
[Shinomiya] "I love you."